docs(api): add `nuxi prepare` command (#7349)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/3.api/5.commands/prepare.md

# `nuxi prepare`

```{bash}
npx nuxi prepare [rootDir]
```

> The `prepare` command creates a `.nuxt` directory in your application and generates types.
> This can be useful for CI environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `prepare` command creates a `.nuxt` directory in your application and generates types. This can be useful in a CI environment or as a `postinstall` command in your `package.json`.
```
